# Virtual-Reality-Coder
Virtual reality technology is a hot new technology now!


Virtual reality technology is an important direction of simulation technology, is the combination of simulation technology and computer graphics man-machine interface technology, multimedia technology, sensor technology, network technology and other technologies, is a challenging cross-cutting technology frontier disciplines and research areas. Virtual reality technology (VR) mainly includes simulation environment, perception, natural skills and sensing equipment. Simulation environment is generated by computer, real-time and dynamic three-dimensional realistic images. Perception means that the ideal VR should have the perception of all people. In addition to the visual perception generated by computer graphics technology, there are also auditory, tactile, force, motion perception, and even includes smell and taste, also known as multi-perception. Natural skills refer to the human head rotation, eyes, gestures, or other human action, by the computer to process the movement of participants to adapt to the data, and the user input to respond in real time, and feedback to the user's five senses. Sensing devices are three-dimensional interactive devices.

When people look at the world around them, they get slightly different images because of the different positions of the two eyes. These images merge in their minds and form a whole picture of the world around them, which includes information about distances and distances. Of course, distance information can also be obtained by other methods, such as the distance of eye focus, object size comparison and so on.

Binocular stereo vision plays an important role in VR system. The different images seen by two eyes of the user are generated separately and displayed on different displays. Some systems use a single display, but users wear special glasses, one eye can only see odd frames of images, the other eye can only see even frames of images, odd and even frames between the difference is the disparity between the three-dimensional sense.

User (head, eye) tracking: In an artificial environment, each object has a position and attitude relative to the coordinate system of the system, and so does the user. The scene that the user sees is determined by the user's position and head (eye) direction.

Virtual Reality Headset for Head Tracking: In traditional computer graphics, the change of field of view is realized by a mouse or keyboard. The user's visual system and motion perception system are separated, and the user's visual system and motion perception system can be changed by head tracking. I feel more realistic by linking up. Another advantage is that users can not only recognize the environment through binocular stereo vision, but also observe the environment through the movement of the head.

Keyboard and mouse are the most commonly used tools in user-computer interaction, but they are not suitable for three-dimensional space. Because there are six degrees of freedom in the three-dimensional space, it is difficult to find a more intuitive way to map the plane motion of the mouse into arbitrary motion in the three-dimensional space. Now, there are some devices that can provide six degrees of freedom, such as a 3Space digitizer and a SpaceBall sphere. Other excellent equipment is data glove and data clothing.


Our research focuses on mobile phones and allows you to feel the latest technology.

Virtual reality is actually around you.

If you have any technical problems, please contact:

ee7500458@163.com
